<h1>Factions</h1>

<p>Factions are all the different coin(s)/token(s) communities that most players are already apart off. We want to bring those communities to monoGames to work together, build out together and fight together. There will be 12 blockchain (coins) apart of monoGames which includes Signum, Ethereum, Solana, Polkadot, DOGE, Zill, Koinos, Hive, Pirate Chain, Dragonchain, Wax and BSC. All blockchains (coins) will be represented as a Faction within monoGames, have tokens connected to monoGames, teams in Destiny Of The Universe and more as will be discussed in the <a href="">White Paper</a> but this may change and also when the game starts to expand we will add more factions.</p>

<p>So how it will work is Players connect their current wallet(s) to log into the game, then the game automates their wallet(s) to the game wallet or if your new to blockchain gaming you will get the default in game wallet (Signum). The wallet(s) you have chosen will automate your profile to that faction(s) so if your an Ethereum wallet holder you are connected to the Ethereum Faction Community where you will be introduced to the Faction Leader, Faction Higher Council Members, Faction Council Members, Faction Social Lounge where the community hangs out, Portal Faction Land, your personal Comic Book, a set of faction guides to help you play, grow and improve your social standing with in monoGames.</p>

<p>For players that hold more than one in game Faction wallet and connects them to our game, we will be giving players options to join more than one community with a special monoAvatar Matrix NFT. We hope Factions create a really close knit community together especially when the whole community has to rely on one another to fulfill requirements to complete Faction goals to help create new reward NFT's for that Faction which will be explained as the game expands.
</p>
